Add info about BBDO client/server (#3512)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.04/monitoring/monitoring-servers/advanced-configuration.md

To reiterate, TCP *Input* can either listen on a given port or can attempt to
initiate a connection if a host is given. This allow flexible network topology.

#### BBDO Server

BBDO Server inputs receive events from a remote endpoint. They listen on a given port for a connection by a BBDO Client.

*BBDO Server*-type inputs have the following parameters:

  - Listening address
    Only with TCP transport protocol, if empty or if 0.0.0.0 the server listens for every connection.

>     Otherwise, the server only listens on the interface behind the given address.

Reviewer: what about grpc ?

  - Listening port

>     Port used for the connection. Mandatory.

Reviewer: some example (both for grpc and tcp mode) would be useful

  - Transport protocol
    Two choices are available: gRPC (based on http2) or TCP (a little faster).

  - Authorization token
    Only used with the gRPC transport protocol. This can be used to filter the BBDO flow.
    A BBDO client will be able to send data to this server only if their authorization tokens match.
    
  - Enable TLS encryption  
    Enables the encryption of the flow. For the encryption to work, the private
    key file, *Public certificate* and *Trusted CA's certificate* need to be set
    on both ends. Default is *auto*, i.e., *no* unless TCP negotiation has been
    activated and the remote endpoint has activated encryption.

> 

Reviewer 2: Public certificate

    There are several types of outputs managed by the Centreon Broker:

    1.  **TCP - IPV4** and **TCP - IPV6**: This output forwards data to another
        server, another Centreon Broker or Centreon Map. Currently, it doesn't work
        with IPV6. This output is also deprecated because we now have two outputs to
        replace it that are **BBDO Server** and **BBDO Client**.
    2.  **BBDO Server**: This output forwards data to a BBDO client, another Centreon Broker or Centreon Map.
    3.  **BBDO Client**: This output forwards data to a BBDO server, another Centreon Broker or Centreon Map.
    4.  **File**: Writes data into a file. This output is deprecated and we should need to use it anymore.
    5.  **RRD**: Generates RRD data from performance data.
    6.  **Storage**: Writes metrics into the database and generates performance
        data (deprecated).
    7.  **SQL**: Writes the real-time status into Centreon's database
        (deprecated).
    8.  **unified-sql**: Writes the real-time status into Centreon's database.

>         One such output replaces **Storage** and **SQL** outputs in the same

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        One such output replaces **Storage** and **SQL** outputs at the same
```

        time.
    9.  **Dumper Reader**: Reads from a database when Broker is asked to synchronize
        databases (obsolete).
    10.  **Dumper Writer**: Writes into a database when Broker is asked to
        synchronize databases (obsolete).
    11.  **BAM Monitoring**: Generates BAM data from raw events and updates real-time
        BAM status.

>     12. **BAM Reporting**: Writes long-term BAM logs that can then be used by BI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    12. **BAM Reporting**: Writes long-term BAM logs that can then be used by MBI.
```

    The size of the compression buffer that should be used. Best practice is *0*
    or nothing.

#### BBDO Server

BBDO Server outputs forward events to a remote endpoint. They listen on a given port for a connection by a BBDO Client.

*BBDO Server*-type outputs have the following parameters:

  - Listening address
    Only with TCP transport protocol, if empty or if 0.0.0.0 the server listens for every connection.
    Otherwise, the server only listens on the interface behind the given address.

  - Listening port  
    Port used for the connection. Mandatory.

  - Transport protocol
    Two choices are available gRPC (based on http2) or TCP (a little faster).

  - Authorization token
    Only used with gRPC transport protocol. This can be used to filter BBDO flow.

>     A BBDO client will be able to send data to this server only if their authorization token match.

Reviewer 3: same as above

    
  - Enable TLS encryption  
    Enables the encryption of the flow. For the encryption to work, the private
    key file, *Public certificate* and *Trusted CA's certificate* need to be set
    on both ends. Default is *auto*, i.e., *no* unless TCP negotiation has been
    activated and the remote endpoint has activated encryption.

  - Private key path  
    The private key file used for the encryption.

  - Certificate path
    The public certificate used for the encryption.

  - Compression  

>     With this option, data are compressed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    With this option, data is compressed.
```

    
  - Enable retention

>     With this option, data cannot be lost. If the peer doesn't read sent data, they are stacked until the peer succeeds to read them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    With this option, data cannot be lost. If the peer doesn't read sent data, the data is stacked until the peer succeeds to read it.
```

BBDO Client outputs forward events to a remote endpoint. They establish a connection on a given port to a BBDO Server.

*BBDO Client*-type outputs have the following parameters:

  - Server address
    The address to connect to.

  - Server port  
    The server port.

  - Retry interval
    On failure, the client wait for this value (given in seconds) before retrying to connect.
    
  - Transport protocol

>     Two choices are available gRPC (based on http2) or TCP (a little faster).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Two choices are available: gRPC (based on http2) or TCP (a little faster).
```

  - Authorization token

>     Only used with gRPC transport protocol. This can be used to filter BBDO flow.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Only used with the gRPC transport protocol. This can be used to filter the BBDO flow.
```

>     A BBDO client will be able to send data to this server only if their authorization token match.

Reviewer 3: same again
